# MHD is You 

Everyone working at MHD represents MHD. When a customer gets a response from Sam on Customer Support, Sam is MHD. When a customer reads a tweet by Ram that we have a new Spring Collection, Ram is MHD. When Iffath from Marketing looks at a message from a customer on Houzz, Iffath is MHD. In those situations, all the other designations, role-responsibilities are secondary. What’s right in front of someone in a time of need is what matters.

That’s what we mean when we say marketing is everyone’s responsibility, and that it pays to spend the time to recognize that. This means avoiding the BS and going above and beyond what is expected of you. It means taking the time to get the writing right, the campaign right and consider how you’d feel if you were on the other side of the interaction. It means to make sure every single input you have towards any of the things you're working on is upto the highest standards until there is no room for improvement. We have an audience/Userbase we’ve been educating and entertaining for 10 years and counting, and your voice is part of us now, whether you like it or not! 

It's also worth mentioning that joining MHD can be all-consuming. We've seen it happen. You dig MHD, so you feel pressure to contribute, maybe overwhelmingly so. The people who work here are some of the best and brightest in our industry, so the self-imposed burden to be exceptional is real. But here's the thing: Walk - Crawl - Run. Settle in. We're glad you love this job because we all do too. Do your best work, collaborate with your team, write, read, learn, optimize, automate and then turn off your computer and play with your dog. Repeat. 
